Dt data feed docs update (#5830)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/datafeed.md

* In the **Settings** tab, navigate to _Data Feeds_ in the sidebar
* Select **New Integration**

Currently, the data feed has two types of integrations:

* Webhook Integration
  * ServiceNow
  * Splunk
  * ELK
  * Custom
* Storage Integration
  * Minio
  * Amazon S3

{{< figure src="/images/automate/choose-a-data-feed-integration.png" alt="Choose a Data Feed Integration">}}

## Webhook Integration

Create a data feed using a webhook integration.

### ServiceNow

To create a data feed select **ServiceNow** from **Settings > Data Feed > New Integration**.

1. **Data Feed Name**: A unique name for this notification.
1. **URL**: The endpoint for the data feed integration, including any specific port details.
1. **Authentication**: Select an authentication method.
   1. **Username and Password**
      * **Username**: The name you use to sign in to ServiceNow.
      * **Password**: The password you use to sign in to ServiceNow.
   1. **Access Token**:
      * **Token Type**: The prefix for the authorization used to access ServiceNow endpoints.

>       * **Token**: The authorization used to access ServiceNow endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * **Token**: The authorization token value used to access ServiceNow endpoints.
```

1. Select the data feed instance name to open its detail page.
1. Edit the Data Feed **Name** or **URL**.
1. Select the **Test Data Feed** button to test the URL.
1. Select **Save** to save your changes.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/details-of-data-feed-instance-using-servicenow-integration.png" alt="Details of Data Feed Instance using ServiceNow Integration">}}

You can also [**Enable/Disable**]({{< relref "#enabledisable-a-data-feed-instance" >}}), and [**Delete**]({{< relref "#delete-a-data-feed-instance" >}}) the instance from the buttons provided on the details page.

### Splunk

To create a data feed select **Splunk** from **Settings > Data Feed > New Integration**.

1. **Data Feed Name**: A unique name for this notification.
1. **URL**: The endpoint for the data feed integration, including any specific port details.
1. **Authentication**: Select an authentication method.
   1. **Username and Password**
      * **Username**: The name you use to sign in to Splunk.
      * **Password**: The password you use to sign in to Splunk.
   1. **Access Token**:
      * **Token Type**: The prefix for the authorization used to access Splunk endpoints.

>       * **Token**: The authorization used to access Splunk endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * **Token**: The authorization token used to access Splunk endpoints.
```

>       * **Token**: The authorization token used to access Splunk endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * **Token**: The authorization token value used to access Splunk endpoints.
```

You can also [**Enable/Disable**]({{< relref "#enabledisable-a-data-feed-instance" >}}), and [**Delete**]({{< relref "#delete-a-data-feed-instance" >}}) the instance from the buttons provided on the details page.

## Enable/Disable a Data Feed Instance

Chef Automate lets you temporarily disable the data feed. It can be helpful if the data feed is going under maintenance or you don't want to send the node or compliance data to a data feed.

The data feed instances are by default enabled when created. To disable a feed:

* Select **Disable** from the top left corner of the details page. OR

* Select the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}} from the list of data feeds and select **Disable**.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/disable-a-data-feed-from-chef-automate.png" alt="Disable a Data Feed Instance">}}

To enable a disabled data feed:

* Select **Enable** from the top left corner of the details page. OR

* Select the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}} from the list of data feeds and select **Enable**.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/enable-a-data-feed-from-chef-automate.png" alt="Enable a Data Feed Instance">}}

{{< note >}}

> The **Enable** option gets active only if the data feed is disabled previously.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this note.

{{< /note >}}

> {{< warning >}} We suggestion no more than five feed, depending on your fleet size. Please check the reference matrix on recommended feed counts. {{< /warning >}}

Reviewer 2: I don't think this warning makes sense in this location.

By default, only Admin users of Chef Automate may create and manage Data Feeds.

## Data Feed Integration

Data Feed instance sends client run and compliance scan data to the 3rd party integrations available. To add a Data Feed instance in Chef Automate:

1. In the **Settings** tab, navigate to _Data Feeds_ in the sidebar
1. Select **New Integration**

Currently, the data feed has two types of integrations:

- Webhook Integration
  - ServiceNow
  - Splunk
  - ELK
  - Custom
- Storage Integration
  - Minio
  - Amazon S3

{{< figure src="/images/automate/choose-a-data-feed-integration.png" alt="Choose a Data Feed Integration">}}

## Webhook Integration

> Create a data feed instance using any webhook integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a data feed using a webhook integration.
```

### ServiceNow

> To add a Data Feed instance in Chef Automate using ServiceNow integration:

Reviewer 2: I solved this a little bit differently in my ServiceNow PR. I think both approaches have merit. See PR #5785, the shortcode file is `components/docs-chef-io/layouts/shortcodes/servicenow_incidents.md`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add a ServiceNow data feed:
```

1. Select **New Integration**.

1. Select the **ServiceNow** icon under Webhook Integration.

1. In the form, enter a unique **Data Feed name**.

1. Enter a **URL** for the Data Feed endpoint, including any specific port details.

> 1. Select an **authentication** from the couple of options in the drop-down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select an **authentication**  method:
```

>   - If you select the **Username and Password** authentication, enter the **Username** and **Password** that your 3rd party endpoint requires for authentication. OR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -  For **Username and Password** authentication, enter the **Username** and **Password** for your integration.
```

>   - If the authentication is set to **Access Token**, set the **Token Type** and **Token** for the 3rd party authentication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - For **Access Token**, set the **Token Type** and **Token** for your integration.
```

1. Select **Test Connection** to start validating the connection details.

> 1. Once the test is successful, select **Save** to save the Data Feed configuration.

Reviewer 2: Does it send the same error messaging as the ServiceNow integration?

{{< figure src="/images/automate/data-feed-instance-using-servicenow-integration.png" alt="Data Feed Instance using ServiceNow Integration">}}

#### Edit a ServiceNow Data Feed Instance

To edit a Data Feed instance of ServiceNow Integration:

1. Select the data feed instance name to open its detail page.

1. Edit the Data Feed **Name** or **URL**.

1. Select **Test Data Feed** button to test the URL.

1. Select **Save** to save your changes.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/details-of-data-feed-instance-using-servicenow-integration.png" alt="Details of Data Feed Instance using ServiceNow Integration">}}

You can also **Enable**, **Disable** and **Delete** the instance from the buttons provided on the details page.

#### Delete a ServiceNow Data Feed Instance

To delete an individual instance:

> 1. Selecting the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}}.
```

1. Select **Delete**.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/delete-the-data-feed-instance-using-servicenow-integration.png" alt="Delete the Data Feed Instance using ServiceNow Integration">}}

> 1. In the popup, select **Delete Data Feed**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **Delete Data Feed** to confirm the action.
```

Reviewer 2: The point of this change is to focus on describing the actions that the user needs to take instead of describing the UI.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/delete-data-feed-popup-of-data-feed-instance-using-servicenow-integration.png" alt="Delete Data Feed Popup of Data Feed Instance using ServiceNow Integration">}}

### Splunk

> To add a Data Feed instance in Chef Automate using Splunk integration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add a Splunk data feed:
```

> 1. Selection **New Integration**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **New Integration**.
```

1. Select the **Splunk** icon under Webhook Integration.

1. In the form, enter a unique **Data Feed name**.

1. Enter a **URL** for the Data Feed endpoint, including any specific port details.

1. Select an **authentication** from the couple of options in the drop-down.
  

>   - If you select the **Username and Password** authentication, enter the **Username** and **Password** that your 3rd party endpoint requires for authentication. OR

Reviewer 2: lines 123-124:
These bulletpoints are wordy.  Please make them direct and brief. 
I'm working on a similar thing in PR #5785 & we should decide on a repeatable pattern for forms to use everywhere.

  - If the authentication is set to **Access Token**, set the **Token Type** and **Token** for the 3rd party authentication.

1. Select **Test Connection** to start validating the connection details.

1. Once the test is successful, select **Save** to save the Data Feed configuration.

> {{< figure src="/images/automate/data-feed-instance-using-splunk-integration.png" alt="Data Feed Instance using splunk Integration">}}

Reviewer 2: Is Splunk a ServiceNow integration? Recheck these images.

Author: Splunk is a Webhook Integration.

#### Edit a Splunk Data Feed Instance

To edit a Data Feed instance of Splunk Integration:

1. Select the data feed instance name to open its detail page.

1. Edit the Data Feed **Name** or **URL**.

1. Select **Test Data Feed** button to test the URL.

1. Select **Save** to save your changes.

> {{< figure src="/images/automate/details-of-data-feed-instance-using-splunk-integration.png" alt="Details of Data Feed Instance using Splunk Integration">}}

Reviewer 2: Is Splunk a ServiceNow integration? Recheck these images.

Author: Splunk is a Webhook Integration.

You can also **Enable**, **Disable** and **Delete** the instance from the buttons provided on the details page.

#### Delete a Splunk Data Feed Instance

To delete an individual instance:

> 1. Selecting the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}}.
```

1. Select **Delete**.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/delete-the-data-feed-instance-using-splunk-integration.png" alt="Delete the Data Feed Instance using Splunk Integration">}}

1. In the popup, select **Delete Data Feed**.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/delete-data-feed-popup-of-data-feed-instance-using-splunk-integration.png" alt="Delete Data Feed Popup of Data Feed Instance using Splunk Integration">}}

### ELK

To add a Data Feed instance in Chef Automate using ELK integration:

> 1. Selection **New Integration**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **New Integration**.
```

1. In the form, enter a unique **Data Feed name**.

1. Enter a **URL** for the Data Feed endpoint, including any specific port details.

1. Select an **authentication** from the couple of options in the drop-down.
  
  - If you select the **Username and Password** authentication, enter the **Username** and **Password** that your 3rd party endpoint requires for authentication. OR
  - If the authentication is set to **Access Token**, set the **Token Type** and **Token** for the 3rd party authentication.

1. Select **Test Connection** to start validating the connection details.

1. Once the test is successful, select **Save** to save the Data Feed configuration.

IMAGE

#### Edit a ELK Data Feed Instance

To edit a Data Feed instance of ELK Integration:

1. Select the data feed instance name to open its detail page.

1. Edit the Data Feed **Name** or **URL**.

1. Select **Test Data Feed** button to test the URL.

1. Select **Save** to save your changes.

IMAGE

You can also **Enable**, **Disable** and **Delete** the instance from the buttons provided on the details page.

#### Delete a ELK Data Feed Instance

To delete an individual instance:

> 1. Selecting the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}}.
```

1. Select **Delete**.

IMAGE

1. In the popup, select **Delete Data Feed**.

IMAGE

### Custom

To add a Data Feed instance in Chef Automate using Custom integration:

> 1. Selection **New Integration**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **New Integration**.
```

1. Select the **Custom** icon under Webhook Integration.

1. In the form, enter a unique **Data Feed name**.

1. Enter a **URL** for the Data Feed endpoint, including any specific port details.

1. Select an **authentication** from the couple of options in the drop-down.
  
  - If you select the **Username and Password** authentication, enter the **Username** and **Password** that your 3rd party endpoint requires for authentication. OR
  - If the authentication is set to **Access Token**, set the **Token Type** and **Token** for the 3rd party authentication.

1. Select **Test Connection** to start validating the connection details.

1. Once the test is successful, select **Save** to save the Data Feed configuration.

IMAGE

#### Edit a Custom Data Feed Instance

To edit a Data Feed instance of Custom Integration:

1. Select the data feed instance name to open its detail page.

1. Edit the Data Feed **Name** or **URL**.

1. Select **Test Data Feed** button to test the URL.

1. Select **Save** to save your changes.

IMAGE

> You can also **Enable**, **Disable** and **Delete** the instance from the buttons provided on the details page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also **Enable**, **Disable**, and **Delete** the instance from the details page.
```

#### Delete a Custom Data Feed Instance

To delete an individual instance:

> 1. Selecting the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}}.
```
